# Exploratory-Data-Analysis-Game-Sales-
Data Analysis with Python

Exploratory Data Analysis of Game Sales

Our main objective it is:
Try to answer how competitive it is the gaming industry?
Reasons why PC platform sells even less compared to other platforms.

Data set provided by Gregory Smith
Source: https://www.kaggle.com/gregorut/videogamesales

This dataset contains a list of video games with sales greater than 100,000 copies.
It was generated by a scrape of vgchartz.com.

Conclusions: The videogame market has presented a higher increase according to the data, which considerable increases in higher levels during the 90s and 20s.
There are some points which cannot be described by the data and might have some influence in sales, specially for the PC platform:

Firstly, it is much easier to ilegally download and play any game in a computer, this is a factor that needs to be considered. That is one of the reason that some games were never released for computers, and also can influence on why PC sells much less than other platforms.
Secondly, PCs are more expensive than consoles, and the life-time it is a factor that might influence in consumers choice, not everyone can afford buying new videocards and other components constantly.
Thirdly, consoles were set for playing splitscreen games at the beginning, even before online games were popular.
Last, but not least, it would be interesting to check the increasing downloads and sales related to Mobile Games, wich can be considered another platform for gaming, but unfortunately it is not contemplated in this dataset.
